README.md, before:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/626968215.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/626968215)


# PEpiTA
Phase-based Epidemic Time series Analyzer.

### 1. Install required packages
***We recommend using [conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest) (E.g. [miniconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/miniconda/miniconda-install) or [micromamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/micromamba-installation.html#manual-installation)) to both install a compatible Python version, along with the dependencies.***

```bash
micromamba env create --file environment.yml
```

If you wish to try [installing with pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install) (preferably, at least, in a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3.12/library/venv.html)), you can take a look at the [environment.yml](environment.yml) file
to see what you'll need.

*******************************************************************
### 2. Running Server on localhost
Open a terminal in the PEpiTA folder and follow these commands:
```bash
micromamba activate pepita
cd webdesign
python manage.py migrate # if running for the first time
python manage.py runserver
```

After executing all the above commands you will be able to see a message like this:

_Django version 4.2, using settings 'webdesign.settings'<br>
Starting development server at http://127.0.0.1:8000/<br>
Quit the server with CONTROL-C._

Now open a browser and go to http://localhost:8000/ or http://127.0.0.1:8000/

You can, alternatively, test how the production webserver runs it, using
[gunicorn](https://gunicorn.org) to handle multiple requests.

```bash
# cd webdesign
gunicorn --bind ":8000" webdesign.wsgi
```

Then connect via [http://0.0.0.0:8000](http://0.0.0.0:8000).
*******************************************************************
### 3.  Headless Implementation
workflow_notebook.ipynb shows the implementation of all the python scripts in a Jupyter Notebook.

### You can also try [running with Docker](docker.md).

Commit message:

document and refine dev addon deps

README.md, after:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/626968215.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/626968215)


# PEpiTA
Phase-based Epidemic Time series Analyzer.

### 1. Install required packages
***We recommend using [conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest) (E.g. [miniconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/miniconda/miniconda-install) or [micromamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/micromamba-installation.html#manual-installation)) to both install a compatible Python version, along with the dependencies.***

```bash
micromamba env create --file environment.yml
# if you want to add some dev tools, like maybe Jupyter Lab to run the notebook
micromamba install --name pepita --file environment_dev_addon.yml
```

If you wish to try [installing with pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install) (preferably, at least, in a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3.12/library/venv.html)), you can take a look at the conda env files ([environment.yml](environment.yml), [environment_dev_addon.yml](environment_dev_addon.yml))
to see what you'll need.

*******************************************************************
### 2. Running Server on localhost
Open a terminal in the PEpiTA folder and follow these commands:
```bash
micromamba activate pepita
cd webdesign
python manage.py migrate # if running for the first time
python manage.py runserver
```

After executing all the above commands you will be able to see a message like this:

_Django version 4.2, using settings 'webdesign.settings'<br>
Starting development server at http://127.0.0.1:8000/<br>
Quit the server with CONTROL-C._

Now open a browser and go to http://localhost:8000/ or http://127.0.0.1:8000/

You can, alternatively, test how the production webserver runs it, using
[gunicorn](https://gunicorn.org) to handle multiple requests.

```bash
# cd webdesign
gunicorn --bind ":8000" webdesign.wsgi
```

Then connect via [http://0.0.0.0:8000](http://0.0.0.0:8000).
*******************************************************************
### 3.  Headless Implementation
workflow_notebook.ipynb shows the implementation of all the python scripts in a Jupyter Notebook.

### You can also try [running with Docker](docker.md).
